==============================================================================
                        CALL FOR PARTICIPATION
==============================================================================

         1st International Workshop on Resource Disaggregation
             in High Performance Computing (Asia Edition)
                        ***  RESDIS 2022  ***

Held in conjunction with HPC Asia'22: The International Conference on High
Performance Computing in Asia-Pacific Region (HPC Asia 2022)

Workshop date: January 14, 2022 (JST)

==============================================================================
              https://resdis.github.io/ws/2022/hpcasia/
==============================================================================

Disaggregation is an emerging compute paradigm that splits existing monolithic
servers into a number of consolidated single-resource pools that communicate
over a fast interconnect. This model decouples individual hardware resources,
including tightly coupled ones such as processors and memory, and enables the
creation of logical compute platforms with flexible and dynamic hardware
configurations. The concept of disaggregation is driven by various recent
trends in computation. From an application perspective, the increasing
importance of data analytics and machine learning workloads in HPC centers
brings unprecedented need for memory capacity, which is in stark contrast with
the growing imbalance in the peak compute-to-memory capacity ratio of
traditional system board based server platforms where memory modules are
co-located with processors. At the hardware front, the proliferation of
heterogeneous, special purpose computing elements promotes the need for
configurable compute platforms, while at the same time, the increasing
maturity of optical interconnects elevates the prospects of distance
independence in networking infrastructure.

The workshop intends to explore various aspects of resource disgregation and
their implications for high performance computing, both in dedicated HPC
centers as well as in cloud environments. 

------------------------------------------
AGENDA (all times in Japan Standard Time):
------------------------------------------

1:00PM - Welcome and Introduction

1:10PM - Keynote: Composable Disaggregated Infrastructure Delivers Adaptive
            Data Performance for AI-driven HPC - Sumit Puri (Liqid)

2:00PM - Coffee Break

2:15PM - Roundtable on the Role of Photonics for Disaggregation
            -- moderated by John Shalf
            Panelists: Yu Tanaka (Fujitsu),
                       Mark Wade (Ayar Labs),
                       Keren Bergman (Columbia University)

3:00PM - Compute Express Link (CXL*): Changing the Industry Landscape
            - Debendra Das Sharma (Intel)

3:30PM - CXL Memory and SMDK as a First Step toward Memory Disaggregation
            - Cheolmin Park (Samsung)

4:00PM - Rethinking Disaggregated Memory in HPC: A Userspace Software Approach
            - Ivy Peng (Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory)

4:30PM - Adjourn

--------------------
WORKSHOP ORGANIZERS:
--------------------

Balazs Gerofi           RIKEN, Japan
John Shalf              Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, USA

Contact us at bgerofi@riken.jp if you have any questions.
